
Goal:
Refactor everything to have a single entry point script, with enabled components controlled completely by
the configuration file. I.E. define sensors in the JSON configuration files and that will enable/disable
components as necessary.

TODO:
1. Create JSON configuration files in a modular manner

2. Create configuration handler
    single configuration should have different sections for different sensors
        sensors
            (environment)
            (door)
                Include configuration for type of door - open/closed vs unlocked/locked
        mqtt
        pushbullet
    Each sensor should have an mqtt section with these keys (if MQTT is to be used by that sensor)
        client_id
        topics - should have internal sections with these keys
            publish
            subscribe
    Each sensor should also have a "log" key with the path to the log

    The configuration handler should parse out the sensors & MQTT settings
        a. Instantiate an MQTT object for passing to sensor objects
        b. Instantiate the sensor objects
        c. Return all instantiated sensor objects in a dictionary keyed by the sensor names (door, environment, etc.)

3. Create MQTT object that encapsulates all necessary methods for publishing
   This object should:
    a. Extend the paho.Client object
    b. Take the base MQTT configuration path as an arg
    c. Set up all callbacks

4. Create new environment "sensor" object that periodically reads the sensor and publishes to MQTT via threading
   The new object should:
    a. Take the environment sensor & MQTT config paths as arguments
    b. Instantiate the environment sensor object with the environment sensor & MQTT config paths
    c. Create a thread that periodically reads the sensor and publishes the results as a JSON object with both readings

5. Create new Camera object that can subscribe to an MQTT topic and wait for a command to take a picture
   The new object should:
    a. Extend the existing PiCamera object
    b. Take the camera & MQTT config paths as arguments
    c. Subscribe to the MQTT topic if MQTT info is provided
    d. Handle situation where picture is being taken and a new request to take a picture is issued

6. Create new DoorMonitor object that launches a thread to monitor the door and publish changes in state to MQTT
   The new object should:
    a. Take the door monitor, camera, and MQTT config paths as arguments
    d. Instantiate the config objects and create the GPIO sensor & camera objects using the config objects
    c. Create a thread that periodically reads the sensor and publishes the door state as a simple string

7. Create new DoorControl object that simply subscribes to the appropriate MQTT topic and waits for commands
   The new object should:
    a. Take the door control & MQTT config paths as arguments
    b. Instantiate the door control object with the config paths
    c. Subscribe to the topic and perform the necessary actions when a message is received

8. Create new Door object that encapsulates both the DoorMonitor & DoorControl objects
   The new object should:
    a. Take the door monitor, door control, camera, and MQTT config paths as arguments
    b. Instantiate the door monitor & control objects with the config paths. Skip sensors without config files

9. Create single entry point script (home.py) that takes a single configuration file argument (and debug flag)
    Imports configuration handler which then instantiates the appropriate sensor objects and kicks them off

